Addition of Configuration (#9193)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/linux-preferences.md

| **Possible values** | 10000 (default). Allowed values are from 5000 items to 15000 items. |
| **Comments** | Available in Defender for Endpoint version 101.04.76 or higher. |

#### Maximum on-demand scan threads

> Specify the maximum number CPU used during scheduled scans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the maximum number of CPUs used during scheduled scans.
```
